NETFLIX PRESENTS
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[WOMAN SOBBING]
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
[SOBBING]
[PANTING]
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
[WAILING]
[WAILING AND SOBBING]
[PANTING]
[SOBBING]
[WAILING AND SOBBING]
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
[CAR CREAKING]
[SIREN WAILING]
AMBULANCE
[WOMAN SOBBING]
[WOMAN WAILING]
[WOMAN] We didn't see it coming.
It's okay. What's your name?
- Andrea.
- Andrea. Does your arm hurt?
- [EXHALING IN PAIN]
- [WOMAN SOBBING IN THE BACKGROUND]
[GROANS]
- [WOMAN WAILING AND SOBBING]
- Hello? Hello.
Hi. Try to stay calm. okay?
We're here to help. We'll get you out.
[GROANS IN PAIN] Ow.
Ow.
Slowly.
[GROANS]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
[SIREN WAILING]
[GROANS]
[SIRENS WAILING]
[MAN] One. two. three.
- And up.
- [WOMAN SOBBING]
That's it. There.
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
[WOMAN WAILS]
[WOMAN SCREAMS] Help!
Help me. please! Help me!
[WOMAN CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
[WOMAN WAILING]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ENGINE STARTS]
[SIREN WAILING]
- [PANTING AND MOANING]
- [DOG BARKING]
[GRUNTING]
[MOANING]
[MAN GRUNTING]
[WOMAN PANTING]
[GRUNTING]
[MAN GRUNTS]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[VIDEO GAME SOUNDS]
[WOMAN] I'm off to work.
- Honey. can you stop for a second? Listen.
- Vane.
What is it?
- Can you hang up the washing?
- Sure.
But give me a kiss. You're looking good.
[VANE CHUCKLES]
Come here.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
[VIDEO GAME SOUNDS]
[VANE] Yes. on my way.
Okay. perfect.
Bye. thanks.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[DOG BARKING]
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[VANE] Kiko. hey. How are you today?
[DOG BARKING]
- [VANE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
- [DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
Kiko. come on. Here. come on.
[DOOR CREAKS]
[CREAKS OPEN]
[BACKPACK THUDS]
Which is why in Mexico they say.
"First name Tequila. last name Mescal."
Because tequila comes from mescal.
It's a type of mescal.
Tequila is made from an agave…
The plant you use for mescal and tequila.
But for tequila. you use blue agave.
You put the agave heart into an oven.
with other agave hearts.
That dries it out.
You use the oven to dry it.
then you crush it and distill it.
Distilling is when you separate
the pulp and the juice.
You heat the liquid to get sugar.
and what do you get from sugar?
Alcohol.
Alcohol in spirits
always comes from sugar.
For example. whiskey comes from barley.
almost the same…
- [MAN OVER RADIO] Yankee 715. do you copy?
- Go ahead.
[MAN] Unconscious female.
possible 3-0. 74 Lázaro Cárdenas Street.
Okay. copy that.
[SIREN WAILS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[TIRES SQUEAL]
AMBULANCE
- Hi. Excuse me.
- Hi.
She's dead.
Yes. David? This is 715. We have a body.
[INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
[SIREN WAILING IN THE DISTANCE]
[JEWELRY JANGLING]
[ÁNGEL] Five hundred.
[MAN] No more than 200 for this shit.
Where did you get these from?
A gift from grandma.
250 and I keep the ring.
[BLOWS NOSE]
[SNIFFS]
[DOG BARKING]
[ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[GRUNTS]
- [KEYS JANGLING]
- [DOOR OPENS]
- [ÁNGEL] Damn dog.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
What's wrong?
["HYMNE À I'AMOUR" BY EDITH PIAF PLAYS]
[ÁNGEL] I stepped in dog shit
from Vicente's dog.
Vicente is disgusting.
Hi. my love.
[CELL PHONE CHIMING AND VIBRATING]
- Aren't you going to reply?
- It's not important. I can reply later.
I don't get why you're not replying.
You want me to reply now?
Fine. I'll reply.
Reply if you want to. I don't care.
[FAUCET RUNNING]
My period came.
Maybe you should see a gynecologist.
Maybe the problem isn't with me.
It could be psychosomatic.
Maybe you're not getting pregnant
because you don't really want to.
[SIGHS]
I have to go.
[ÁNGEL] Vane. wait.
Wait. I'm sorry.
Listen.
I've had a shitty day.
Look. I'll do the fertility test.
You'll see. my sperm are…
- World class.
- [CHUCKLES]
- You want some now?
- A little bit.
- No. they're waiting for me.
- A quickie. I'm hard already.
- No.
- Quickly.
- I'm on my period.
- I don't care.
- [IN FRENCH] Ángel. stop!
[IN SPANISH] Don't get mad.
It's no big deal.
[VANE SIGHS]
I just wanted some affection. that's all.
[DOG BARKING]
Fine.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
- See you later.
- Au revoir.
[VANE CHUCKLES]
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[DOG BARKING]
[SIGHS]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[MAN] Shut up!
Shut up!
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
Ángel Hernández?
Please come in.
The results show
that your sperm count is low.
Most of them show poor motility.
which means they can't reach the egg
to fertilize it.
Most of them?
We're talking about 97 percent. Ángel.
It's known as asthenospermia.
There must be some mistake.
[WOMAN] In cases like yours.
assisted reproduction
has a fairly high success rate.
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
You know…
We should try more often.
How about a weekend away?
I'd love to.
but I have to study.
The test is coming up.
[ÁNGEL] What test is it?
Canine psychology.
- [ÁNGEL] Canine psychology?
- Mm-hmm.
[ÁNGEL] That's pointless.
Animals don't have feelings.
[VANE] You're the one with no feelings.
[GROWLS]
[BARKS]
I'm going to take a shower. [LAUGHS]
[DOOR OPENS]
- [CELL PHONE CHIMES AND VIBRATES]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
[SHOWER RUNNING]
ROBERTO FROM CLASS
[SIREN WAILING]
EMERGENCY
Wait for it to go green.
- Which one is this?
- A hybrid.
Now.
- [INHALING]
- It's good. it leaves no smell.
- [WOMAN OVER RADIO] 715. do you copy?
- Damn it.
[WOMAN] …car with one code 3-32
and one 3-27.
[SIREN WAILING]
Is he alive or not?
- Calm down.
- Tell me if he's alive.
He's in shock. distressed.
Can you take him?
- It's okay.
- [WOMAN] One. two. three. four.
One. two. three. four.
[SIREN WAILING]
[MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
He's lost consciousness.
[AIR HISSING]
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[MONITOR BEEPING RAPIDLY]
- Everything all right?
- He's convulsing.
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYS]
[WATER RUNNING]
[BOTH SOBBING]
[INHALING DEEPLY]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[SOBBING]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[UNLOCKS WHEELCHAIR BRAKE]
Leaving already?
[VANE] Yes. It's 9:30.
Can I get you anything?
- Can you bring the pills over?
- [LOCKS BRAKE]
- [GRUNTING SOFTLY]
- [DOG BARKING]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[GRUNTS]
Can you pass me the remote?
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING AND VIBRATING]
Yes?
I'm leaving now.
Okay. great.
Yes. see you later. Thanks.
- Who was it?
- [VANE SIGHS]
Roberto. He's a classmate.
Right. Roberto.
So. you're good friends?
We're classmates.
He takes notes for me
when I'm not there. that's it.
That's why you dress up when you go study.
Roberto is good-looking.
Ángel.
- Don't start.
- Start what?
Honey.
Get some rest.
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[MAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY
IN THE DISTANCE]
[DOOR OPENS]
- [MAN CONTINUES SHOUTING]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- [DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
- [MAN CONTINUES SHOUTING]
[BUS BEEPING]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
Spying on someone has never been so easy.
With the Hacker-Phone app.
you can access camera.
microphone. photos. and GPS
of the person you want to monitor.
So. it's not exactly legal.
Want to know what your kids are up to?
Want to know if your partner
is lying to you. or even cheating?
Where's Pedro?
He's on leave.
Why?
Something wrong?
No. this is much better. You're prettier.
Isn't that nice?
You can take me out dancing sometime.
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
We've finished.
Do you have a cleaning cloth?
Yes. Can you pass him a cloth. Vane?
- Thanks.
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
- [MAN] Hi. Thanks.
- [VANE] Come in.
[VANE] How are things?
[MAN] How about you?
[VANE] Hanging in there.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Hi. Ángel.
How are you?
Fucking great. what do you think?
You're okay. right?
Yes. all things considered.
You've got to be strong
at times like this. right?
You can't give up. ever.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[MOCKINGLY] "You can't give up."
[LOCKS BRAKE]
What the hell were you thinking
when you were driving the ambulance?
No. it wasn't my fault. No.
Oh. come on.
All you had to do was drive
the fucking ambulance to the hospital
without crashing it.
[WORKER] All done.
- We'll start taking our things down.
- Take them down now. please.
- Bye.
- Thanks. Thanks.
Thanks.
I'll head off too.
- [DOOR OPENS]
- Why the hell did you come?
Ángel. stop.
[DOOR CLOSES]
I'm so sorry. I really am.
Sure you are.
Fine.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Why don't you study here at home?
We're doing a group project.
Hey. can you go downstairs
and get me some ice cream?
S'il vous plaît.
[SLIGHT CHUCKLE]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS]
[GRUNTS]
[ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
HACKER-PHONE
INSTALLING
[ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS]
[ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[ÁNGEL] Thanks.
[KEYS JANGLING]
Have fun.
Thanks.
- Good evening.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
LOADING
[DOG BARKING]
[MAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY
IN THE DISTANCE]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[SIGHS]
- [DOG BARKING]
- Hello. Ángel.
Come on. let's go.
Quite the barker at night. isn't he?
Yes. he barks when he's left alone.
I often visit my wife
in the hospital at night.
Right.
And… sorry.
[GRUNTS]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[DEEP BREATH]
Come on. give me the chair.
[EXHALES]
You've got one more to go.
- This is pointless. Give me the chair.
- Ángel. do the last one.
Give me the fucking chair.
You want the chair?
Yes. I want the chair.
[SANDRA] Here you go.
[LOCKS BRAKE]
If you want it.
you know what you have to do.
[SIGHS]
You're enjoying this.
You like torturing your patients.
don't you?
I love it.
Especially you.
[EXHALES]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Turn around.
Turn around?
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[GRUNTS]
Ta-da.
You smell good.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
I told you you could do it.
Okay. time to rest.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
Noodle soup again?
[VANE] It was on special.
Can you pass me a spoon?
[VANE] Yes.
[UTENSILS CLATTER]
Thanks.
Sandra thinks I'm getting better.
Hm.
She said I'm making good progress.
and I could get some feeling back.
That's great. [CHUCKLES]
[ÁNGEL] Hmm.
You don't seem happy. Something wrong?
Of course I am.
What's wrong?
I've been offered
a work placement at a vet's.
Where will you find time for that?
I thought I could ask to work part-time
at the call center.
And what would we live on?
I don't know. Ángel.
[ÁNGEL] "I don't know."
You want to leave your job
for work placement
and you don't know what we'll live on.
I can't do it all.
You can't do it all? So it's my fault.
I didn't say that.
So how will we live?
Off my shitty disability allowance?
Are you aware of all I do for you?
What you do for me? What about
what I've done for you all these years?
You know what? Go look after
the animals at the fucking vet's.
- Don't start. please.
- I'll start if I want to!
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[VANE. IN FRENCH] This offer is
45 euros per month. including taxes.
[MAN. IN FRENCH]
You said your name is Vanesa?
That's a very pretty name.
As I said. this offer
has the same advantages
as your previous package.
For example.
it includes international calls.
[MAN] Excuse me.
- I don't mean to bother you. Vanesa.
- [DOG BARKING]
Where are you from?
[VANE] I'm French.
Sir. I'm not allowed
to have personal conversations.
Would you like me to change your package?
[RAIN PATTERING]
[GROANS]
[DOG BARKING]
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
[GROANS. EXHALES]
[BED WHIRRING]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[GROANS]
[EXHALES]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [BOTTLES CLATTERING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Shit.
[GROANS]
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [BOTTLES CLATTER]
[LINE TRILLING]
[VANE] This is Vane.
Please leave a message.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [CABINETS OPENING AND CLOSING]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[OBJECTS CLATTERING]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[GROANS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[PILLS RATTLING]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[DOOR CREAKS]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[PILLS RATTLING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS]
- [DOG BARKS]
- [ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[DOG BARKING]
- [VICENTE] Kiko. no. not in there.
- [LAUGHS] Hey. beautiful.
[VICENTE] Come here.
It's okay.
[VICENTE] Come on. here.
[VANE CHUCKLES]
[VICENTE] Have a good day. Vane.
You too. Vicente.
- [KEYS JANGLING]
- Morning.
[ÁNGEL] Didn't you get my messages?
No. Did you call?
All night.
So. why was your phone off?
I ran out of battery.
I'm in serious pain
and you left me with no painkillers.
- There was a bottle in the cupboard.
- I looked. There's nothing.
What? I left it here.
I'm telling you. it's not there.
How could you forget
something so important?
[VANE] I'm sure I left it here.
Well. it's not there.
and I had a terrible night.
I don't understand.
I'm sorry. honey.
[ÁNGEL] "I'm sorry"?
I'm the one who's sorry.
I'm in unbearable pain.
Sorry.
I'll get some more right now.
Good.
[DOG BARKING]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[WHISTLES]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[VANE] I can't take it anymore.
I'm going crazy.
I'm sure I left the pills there.
[WOMAN SIGHS] I never liked Ángel.
You have to get out of there.
[VANE] I can't leave him now.
[WOMAN] Vane. you have to.
[VANE] I don't know what to do.
I'm such a mess.
[WOMAN] He's abusing you.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Hi.
How did it go?
What's going on?
It's your favorite meal.
Padrón peppers and roasted salmon fillets.
That's great.
Put on that dress I gave you.
Tonight is a special night. my love.
["UN SORBITO DE CHAMPAGNE"
BY iOS BRINCOS PLAYS]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
You look amazing.
Whoa.
Cheers.
[GLASSES CLINK]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
Go on. try it.
Very good.
I'm glad.
Today is a fresh start. Vane.
I'm going to fight to get better.
I'll make you happy.
I promise.
- Ángel...
- Shh.
You don't have to say anything.
I'm grateful for all you've done for me.
We'll refurbish my grandma's room
so you have a place to study.
You've got to do
that work placement at the vet's.
I know all this has been hard for you.
Yes.
I'm getting used to this new situation.
My love…
I made an appointment
at the fertility clinic.
We're going to have this baby
we've been trying for.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[EXHALES]
[DOOR CREAKS]
Hey. it's kicking in.
No. no. no. leave the dress on.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I can't feel anything.
Should I stop?
[VANE BREATHING HEAVILY]
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[DISTANT CHIME]
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
- [MESSAGE TRANSMITS]
- [DISTANT CHIME]
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[CHIME]
[DOOR CREAKS]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[CHIME]
Vane. can you bring me a towel?
Vane!
[ZIPPING]
[DOOR CLOSES]
MONTHS LATER
[MAN] Celebrate Christmas
with the best chicken in town.
Grilled over charcoal. not gas.
- Damn it.
- [MAN LAUGHING]
[MAN] The best chicken in town.
Celebrate Christmas
with the best chicken in town.
- The best chicken for 5 euros.
- Give me.
Celebrate Christmas
with the best chicken.
Five euros and 99 cents.
Celebrate Christmas
with the best chicken.
Five euros…
- Give me a euro?
- [MOCKINGLY] "Give me a euro."
[MAN OVER SPEAKER] Europlus Supermarkets
wishes you a happy Christmas.
Take advantage of our Christmas deals.
[WOMAN OVER SPEAKER]
Top quality jamón ibérico for only…
Can you pass over the Cocoa Krispies?
[MAN] Sure.
[WOMAN OVER SPEAKER]
…prawns box costs 19.99 euros.
Ángel Hernández?
It's Arturo García. from Jaime I. man.
From elementary school.
It's been ages.
You moved the Cocoa Krispies
to another shelf.
[MAN OVER SPEAKER]
Europlus. another Christmas by your side.
It's great to see you. Ángel.
[MAN 2 OVER SPEAKER]
Mr. Xavier. register 3.
What have you done all this time?
Why? Did you miss me?
[SANDRA] Okay.
Roll your body to the right.
- [GRUNTS]
- Good. Try to roll back.
Good.
Roll to the left.
- [GRUNTS SOFTLY]
- Good.
[KEYS JANGLING]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Go ahead.
- No. you go.
- I'm not in a hurry.
You go first.
[PRESSES BUTTON]
[ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS]
- [VICENTE] Go on.
- You go.
Go.
All right. thank you. Good day.
[ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[CLOCK CHIMES ON TV]
[CLOCK CHIMES]
- [CLOCK CHIMES]
- [MAN AND WOMAN ON TV] Happy 2020!
[WOMAN CHEERS] It's here!
[MAN] Here's to a healthy
and successful new year!
[WOMAN] It's so exciting!
- [MAN] Everyone in the square!
- [FIREWORKS EXPLODE]
May this year bring you good health.
success. and a bit of money too.
That's always a good thing. right?
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[SIREN WAILING IN THE DISTANCE]
[MAN ON RADIO] 7:00 p.m..
6:00 in Canary Islands.
on Friday. January 3. 2020.
Here's the news.
- [WOMAN] China has notified the WHO…
- Stop here.
[WOMAN] …unknown.
Of the 44 documented cases.
11 patients are seriously ill.
while the other 33 patients
are in a stable condition.
According to information
from Chinese media.
the cause could be a virus that originated
in a live animal market in Wuhan.
It's feared this could be
a respiratory virus similar to SARS.
or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome…
[INAUDIBLE]
[KEYS CLATTERING]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
MEDICATION ROOM
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
- Morphine.
- [DOOR BUZZES OPEN]
I'm in a lot of pain. I need anesthetics.
[MAN] I risk my neck doing this.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
Vane.
- [LOCKS BRAKE]
- What are you doing here?
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
I wanted to see you.
I haven't heard from you since you left.
It's best if we don't see each other.
I know. I'm sorry.
I needed to know how you are.
I'm fine. thanks. but please stop this.
Just a second. please.
Ángel.
Don't follow me.
I don't want to bother you.
I just want to say goodbye.
You did the right thing leaving me.
You deserve better.
I don't have the strength to carry on.
I promise you'll never see me again.
- Goodbye. Vane.
- [UNLOCKS BRAKE]
Ángel. wait.
I'll walk with you. if you like.
Are you sure?
It's fine.
So. how are you doing?
Good.
I'm doing the work placement at the vet's.
I told you.
Thanks for walking with me.
Well… I'll be going.
I put your things in a box.
You can come get them. if you like.
I found your passport too.
[KEYS JANGLING]
Come in.
[VANE] Don't you have a cleaner?
The antidepressants
leave me without any energy.
I'll give you the number of an agency.
Why don't you stay for a while?
I'll make some tea.
I have to go.
Thanks.
[LOCKS BRAKE]
You're completely over me. right?
Are you seeing someone?
[VANE] You need help.
Where are my things?
In grandma's room.
Next to the bed.
Over there.
[VANE. IN FRENCH] Ouch! Oh. fuck!
Aah!
What did you do? [SCREAMS]
[IN FRENCH] What are you doing? Wha...?
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING WEAKENS]
[SCREAMING STOPS]
[CLOCK TICKING]
- [THUNDER RUMBLING]
- [RAIN PATTERING]
[PANTING]
- [VANE WHIMPERING AND PANTING]
- Good morning.
- Did you get some rest?
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING]
Don't scream. Vane.
[PANTS]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
[GRUNTS]
[MUFFLED SOBBING]
["UN SORBITO DE CHAMPAGNE"
BY iOS BRINCOS PLAYS LOUDLY]
[GRUNTING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
♪ I'll never be able to forget you ♪
♪ Because you taught me to love ♪
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
- ♪ Making a toast to new love ♪
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING AND SOBBING CONTINUES]
♪ The soft light in that spot ♪
♪ Made my heart beat ♪
- ♪ It's so easy to remember… ♪
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING AND SOBBING CONTINUES]
[RICARDO] Vane. where are you?
I've been calling. I can't find you.
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
♪ Making a toast ♪
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
RICARDO. I'M SORRY.
WE CAN'T HAVE THIS BABY.
I NEED TO STAY AWAY FROM YOU.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[MUSIC PLAYING LOUDLY]
♪ …I kissed you ♪
[KEYS JANGLING]
♪ I fell in love ♪
♪ With your gaze ♪
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
- [MUFFLED CRYING]
- ♪ Making a toast to new love ♪
♪ The soft light in that spot ♪
♪ Made my heart beat ♪
- [MUSIC STOPS]
- [VANE WHIMPERING]
Will you stop screaming?
[WHIMPERING]
[SHUDDERING BREATHS]
- [VANE WHIMPERS. EXHALES]
- [SHUSHING]
- [ÁNGEL SHUSHING]
- [COUGHS. BREATHES HEAVILY]
[CLOCK TICKING]
I'm really happy
that you're back home again.
I saw Ricardo today.
He says hi.
He told me you're having a baby together.
Congratulations.
Untie me. Ángel.
[YELLS] Help!
- [MUFFLED YELLING] Help!
- [ÁNGEL] Shh!
Help! Help!
[DEEP BREATH]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
- [MUFFLED GRUNTING]
- [ÁNGEL SHUSHING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[WHIMPERING]
[GRUNTS]
[PANICKED BREATHING]
[ÁNGEL] We won't need this
once you learn to behave.
[MUFFLED CRYING AND YELLING]
[MUFFLED GROAN]
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
[KNOCKING]
Who is it?
[VICENTE] It's Vicente.
What do you want?
Could you open the door. please?
- [ÁNGEL] What do you want? I'm busy.
- [KNOCKING]
- [DOORBELL BUZZES]
- Coming!
What is it?
There was music playing all day yesterday.
It sounded like a nightclub.
I didn't sleep for months
because of your dog.
I play music one time
and you come to complain?
I've apologized for that. Ángel.
I was visiting my wife in the hospital
and I couldn't take him.
But my wife passed away.
And so did my dog.
Well…
He was killed.
Well. I'm sorry.
Wait. By the way. is Vanesa all right?
Vanesa left me months ago.
It's just… I heard screaming.
It must have been another apartment.
I haven't seen Vane for ages.
But… I saw you come in together
the other day.
She came to get her things.
[VICENTE] Look. Ángel.
I know the screaming came from here.
I heard it through the back window.
Okay.
Hang on.
Wait.
I would have preferred
not to explain this but…
I'm with an escort.
You know. a prostitute.
[VICENTE GRUNTS]
How else could I be with a girl. Vicente?
Oh. I see.
Well…
Please don't play music so loudly.
- Don't worry.
- [VICENTE] Thank you.
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
You're so serious.
Everything okay?
Never better.
- My girlfriend and I are having a baby.
- [SANDRA LAUGHS] Really?
Congratulations!
I didn't know you had a girlfriend.
Are you still single?
[SANDRA] Yes.
Don't you want to have kids?
Well. yes. but I'm not in a rush.
Have you ever thought
about freezing your eggs?
Don't be silly. I'm 35. I'm still young.
Not that young.
I have friends your age who needed IVF.
I'd hurry up. The clock's ticking. Sandra.
- [SIREN WAILING IN THE DISTANCE]
- [PEOPLE CHATTERING]
Ángel.
I need to talk to you.
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for Vane.
She's missing. Do you know anything?
I haven't seen her for months.
What do you mean. missing?
Well. Vane and I are together.
We've been going out for a while.
We fell in love.
We were going to tell you.
but didn't want to hurt you.
I don't know. I can't find her anywhere.
I'm worried.
[ÁNGEL GROANS]
Are you okay?
Yes. but my gut's blocked.
I have an operation on Tuesday.
- [GROANS]
- Ah.
I'm really sorry.
Do you mind if I go?
Sure. Sure.
Let me know if you hear anything. Please.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[VANE GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[SHUSHING]
You should use the bathroom.
A shower will help.
Come on.
[VANE GASPING]
What have you done to me?
[SHAKY BREATH]
- What have you done?
- Relax. it's temporary.
[SHAKY BREATH]
[CRYING] What did you do?
It's just an epidural.
You're sick.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[ÁNGEL LOCKS BRAKE]
What would you like to listen to?
[WHIMPERING]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[ÁNGEL] This one.
You loved this one.
["HYMNE À I'AMOUR" BY EDITH PIAF
PLAYS LOUDLY]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[VANE BREATHING HEAVILY]
♪ The blue sky ♪
♪ Above us could collapse ♪
♪ And the ground ♪
♪ Could cave in ♪
♪ Little matters if you love me ♪
♪ I couldn't care about the whole world ♪
[SINGING ALONG] ♪ As long as love ♪
♪ Fills my mornings ♪
♪ As long as my body
Trembles at your touch ♪
♪ There are no problems
That matter to me ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Because you love me ♪
[BEEP]
[RICARDO] Hi. Ángel.
You're not answering my calls.
I still haven't heard from Vane.
Are you sure you haven't heard from her?
I'm worried.
Please. if you know something.
let me know.
[BEEP]
Ángel. I keep calling you
and you won't pick up. What's going on?
I need Vane to show up now.
I'm going to call the police.
Answer my calls. please.
Pick up the phone.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[SLURPING]
[ÁNGEL] Delicious.
[MUNCHING]
If it's a boy.
I though we could call him Ángel.
What do you think?
If it's a girl. you can choose the name.
Would you like some wine?
Just a drop.
You shouldn't drink in your condition.
There you go.
It's not easy to forgive
what you did to me.
I swear that I'm really trying.
You should see me at physical therapy.
Sandra and I have
a very special relationship.
Don't be jealous.
[CRIES OUT]
- [GRUNTS]
- [ÁNGEL] No!
[VANE YELLS] Help!
[GRUNTING]
[IN FRENCH] Help!
[ÁNGEL GROANS]
- [IN SPANISH] Help!
- [ÁNGEL GROANS]
- Help! Help!
- [ÁNGEL YELLING ANGRILY]
[IN FRENCH] Help me!
[VANE GRUNTS]
Help!
[VANE YELLING AND GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[BREATHING SLOWS]
[ÁNGEL GROANS]
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
[KNOCKING]
[DOORBELL BUZZING]
[VICENTE] Open the door!
[KNOCKING]
- I'm calling the police.
- [DOORBELL BUZZES]
[BANGING]
- [ÁNGEL] Coming!
- [DOORBELL BUZZES]
- What is it?
- I'm calling the police.
I heard noises and a woman shouting.
I'm sure it was Vanesa.
- Vanesa isn't here. No one is.
- What happened to your head?
I'm calling the police.
Fine. come in.
Come and look.
[VICENTE] Vane. dear.
What has he done to you?
I'm calling the police.
[VICENTE GROANS]
- What are you doing?
- [ÁNGEL BREATHING HEAVILY]
[VICENTE GROANING] You're…
You're crazy.
[VICENTE GROANING]
[THUD]
[WHIMPERS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Fermín.
Come to my place now. I need you.
I'm telling you to come now.
[ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[KNOCKING]
[SNIFFS]
Take it.
Now let's clean this up.
[TRUCK DOOR CLOSING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
[KNOCKING]
Yes?
[MAN] Can you open up. please?
Who is it?
[MAN] The police.
Coming.
- Good morning.
- Good day.
Are you Ángel Hernández?
Yes.
- [MAN] Can we ask you some questions?
- Sure.
Come in. please.
This won't take but a moment.
[LOCKS BRAKE]
Were you in a relationship
with Vanesa François?
Yes.
Did you live together?
We used to live together.
but not anymore.
Do you know Ricardo Martín?
He was a colleague of mine. Why?
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[MAN OVER PHONE]
Police. How can I help you?
[RICARDO] Yes. I'd like to report
a missing person.
[MAN] Who is missing?
[KEYS JANGLING]
- [RICARDO] My girlfriend.
- [MAN] When did she disappear?
[RICARDO] I haven't heard from her
since yesterday.
[MAN] Did she leave a note or...?
An SMS.
but I'm sure she didn't write it.
[MAN] How can you be so sure?
What number was it sent from?
It was sent from her phone.
but I'm sure she didn't write it.
[MAN] How do you know for sure?
Because we're expecting a baby. okay?
Do you understand?
We're expecting a baby.
She wouldn't just leave without warning.
Please. I'm asking you to find her.
When was the last time you saw him?
[EXHALES]
I haven't heard from him in months.
[WATER RUNNING]
[TURNS OFF FAUCET]
[SNIFFS]
[EXHALES]
[TOILET SEAT LID CLATTERS]
[DARK MUSIC PLAYS]
[RICARDO GROANS]
[RICARDO GRUNTING]
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
And the last time you saw Vanesa?
She came to say goodbye a week ago.
To say goodbye?
Yes. she said she was leaving.
going back to France.
Did you know that Vanesa and Ricardo
were in a relationship?
Yes.
I was happy for them.
[BLOWS]
[ÁNGEL SHUSHING]
[WHISPERS] Easy.
It'll all be over soon.
[LIQUID SLOSHING]
[LIQUID POURING]
[CHOKING]
[ECHOING] Don't worry about the baby.
I'll take care of him.
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[RATTLING]
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
It's for the neuropathic pain.
Of course.
That would be all. Mr. Hernández.
You've been most kind.
Likewise.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
Vane. wake up.
You spent all day sleeping.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[PILLS RATTLING]
Ángel.
You can't keep me here like this.
You're going to kill us both...
me and the baby.
Open your mouth.
[GULPS]
[SLIGHT GRUNT]
Vane. hurry up. Lunch is ready.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
I made a spinach omelet. for the iron.
Did you know that most birth defects
are linked to maternal nutrition?
No.
I didn't know that.
Thanks.
[LOCKS BRAKE]
Take a look over there.
It's lovely.
There's one other thing.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
Will you marry me?
When I trust you. we'll get married.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
- [LOCKS BRAKE]
- Eat up.
[EXHALES SOFTLY]
Could you close the door. please?
Please.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[GRUNTS]
[SLOW. TENSE MUSIC PLAYS]
[LOCKS BRAKE]
[GRUNTS]
[CREAKING]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[ÁNGEL WHISPERS] Vane.
You're burning up.
Ángel…
We're going to lose the baby.
I'll go to the pharmacy.
[UNLOCKS BRAKE]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[LOCKING DOOR]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS]
[ELEVATOR DOOR CLOSES]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[EXHALES]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
[DOOR CREAKS]
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GASPING]
[DOOR CREAKS]
[PANTS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GRUNTS]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYS]
[VANE] No!
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
No! [SCREAMS]
[WHIMPERING]
[VANE SCREAMING]
[IN FRENCH] Help!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
- Help me!
- [ÁNGEL GRUNTS]
- [VANE YELLING]
- [ÁNGEL GRUNTING]
- [VANE GRUNTS]
- [ÁNGEL GROANS]
[VANE GRUNTS]
[SCREAMING] Get off me! Get off me!
Bastard!
[VANE GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS] No! Stop!
[ÁNGEL GRUNTING]
[VANE SCREAMS]
[SCREAMS] Let me go!
[ÁNGEL SCREAMS]
[VANE YELLS]
[VANE GRUNTING]
[VANE SCREAMS]
[ÁNGEL SCREAMING]
- [ÁNGEL YELLING]
- [VANE GRUNTING]
[VANE GRUNTING]
[ÁNGEL SCREAMS]
[ÁNGEL GROANING]
- [VANE SCREAMS]
- [ÁNGEL GROANING]
[ÁNGEL SCREAMS]
[SCREAMING]
[THUDS]
[PANTING]
[SOBBING]
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
[MEDICAL DEVICE BEEPING]
[MAN] We thought no one
would come looking for him.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Ángel.
I didn't know you had a girlfriend.
Lucky guy.
Happy to see me?
[ÁNGEL GRUNTING SOFTLY]
From now on.
it'll be me that looks after you.
[CHUCKLES]
[ÁNGEL GRUNTING SOFTLY]
["UN SORBITO DE CHAMPAGNE"
BY iOS BRINCOS PLAYS]
♪ I'll never be able to forget you ♪
♪ Because you taught me to love ♪
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
♪ Making a toast to new love ♪
♪ The soft light in that spot ♪
♪ Made my heart beat ♪
♪ It's so easy to remember ♪
♪ Every time I make a toast ♪
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
♪ Making a toast to new love ♪
♪ And that was when ♪
♪ I kissed you ♪
♪ I fell in love ♪
♪ With your gaze ♪
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
♪ Making a toast to new love ♪
♪ The soft light in that spot ♪
♪ Made my heart beat ♪
♪ And that was when ♪
♪ I kissed you ♪
♪ I fell in love ♪
♪ With your gaze ♪
♪ With a sip of champagne ♪
♪ Making a toast to new love ♪
♪ The soft light in that spot ♪
♪ Made my heart beat ♪
[TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org